feat: add categories for commands (#573)
discordjs/guide: guide/command-handling/adding-features.md

Now you can start adding features!

## Command categories

> So far all your command files are in a single `commands` folder. This is fine if you only have a few of them but if you're planning to make a bot that does lots of stuff you might end up with a large number of files in the `commands` folder. Keeping track of that many files can be a little tough. To make this a little easier, you can sort your commands according to their types and put them in separate folders inside the `commands` folder. You will have to make a few changes to your existing code in `index.js` for this to work out.

Author: Since `files` is a countable noun, shouldn't it be `"the number of files"` instead of `"the amount of files"`?

> So far all your command files are in a single `commands` folder. This is fine if you only have a few of them but if you're planning to make a bot that does lots of stuff you might end up with a large number of files in the `commands` folder. Keeping track of that many files can be a little tough. To make this a little easier, you can sort your commands according to their types and put them in separate folders inside the `commands` folder. You will have to make a few changes to your existing code in `index.js` for this to work out.

Reviewer: You're right, it should. I edited the suggestion.

> So far all your command files are in a single `commands` folder. This is fine if you only have a few commands for your bot but if you're planning to make a bot that does lots of stuff you might end up with a large number of files in the `commands` folder. It will be a mess and thus a hard to maintain project. To fix this issue, you can sort your commands according to their types and put them in separate folders inside the `commands` folder. This sounds good, but it will throw an error if you try to do this with the current setup you have in the `index.js` to load commands. You will have to make a few changes to your existing code in order to make this all work out smoothly.

Reviewer 2: -  "a bot... a bot" repetition
- "It will be a mess and thus a hard to maintain project" - that's very opinionated, would leave that out
- "To fix this issue" - technically not an issue
- "This sounds good, but it will throw an error if you try to do this with the current setup"  - "to make this change...", "for this to work"... etc. would be cleaner ways to coney the semantic meaning here

If you've followed along so far, your project structure should look something like this:

![Project structure before sorting](~@/images/before-sorting.png)

> The first thing you have to do is sort out the files in the `commands` folder into categories and put them in separate folders inside the `commands` folder. If we sort the command files we currently have and put them inside folders that are named according to the type of command files they hold, it will look something like this:

Reviewer 2: - "we" when not referring to the guide authors

![Project structure after sorting](~@/images/after-sorting.png)

:::warning
Make sure you put every command file you have inside one of the new sub-folders. Leaving a command file directly under the `commands` folder will create problems.
:::

> It is not necessary to name your sub-folders exactly like we have named them here. You can create any number of sub-folders and name them whatever you want. Although, it will be a good practice to name them according to the type of commands stored inside them.

Reviewer 2: - "it will be a good practice" - something is good practice, no future tense

Now, go back to your main file `index.js` and add this below the `client.commands = new Discord.Collection();` line:

```js
const commandFolders = fs.readdirSync('./commands');
```

> You used the `fs` module again to get the names of all sub-folders inside the `commands` folder in an array. If you `console.log()` the `commandFolders` it will print this: `[ 'fun', 'moderation', 'utility' ]` in your terminal.
> 
> As you can see, now you have three sub-folders instead of just one `commands` folder. The logic remains the same. You have to do the same thing you did earlier to load files from the `commands` folder, but now you have to do it for each of the sub-folders inside it. This is what the code for that looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fs.readdirSync()` method will return an array of all the sub-folder names in the `commands` folder, e.g. `['fun', 'moderation', 'utility']`. The rest of the logic remains the same, except now you have to do it for each of the sub-folders:
```

> As you can see, now we have three sub-folders instead of just one `commands` folder. The logic remains the same. You have to do the same thing you did earlier to load files from the `commands` folder, but now you have to do it for each sub-folders inside it. This is how the code for that looks like:

Reviewer 2: - "we" when not referring to the guide authors
- "for each sub-folders inside it" - for each of the...
- "This is how the code for that looks like:" - this is what... looks like

```js
commandFolders.forEach(folder => {
	const commandFiles = fs.readdirSync(`./commands/${folder}`).filter(file => file.endsWith('.js'));
	for (const file of commandFiles) {
		const command = require(`./commands/${folder}/${file}`);
		client.commands.set(command.name, command);
	}
});
```

> That's it! You can now add new commands to your bot just like earlier. Make sure you create the new command files inside one of the sub-folders (or a new one) in the `commands` folder.

Reviewer 2: - "You can now add new commands to your bot just like earlier." - obsolete, you already cover that it is in fact different from earlier in the following sentence. I'd suggest merging these into "When creating new... make sure..."

A lot of library specific structures have `client` as a property. That means you don't have to pass the client reference as a parameter to commands to access for example `client.guilds` or `client.commands`, but can directly access the respective properties directly from the `message` object, as shown in the snippet above.
:::

> Now to retrieve a file you will have to pass its path to `require()`. To create this path you just need the name of the file and the sub-folder it's in. You can get the filename using `command.name`. To find the sub-folder name you will have to use the `find` method on the `commandFolders` array. For each of the sub-folders in the `commandFolders` array, you'll check whether the file of this command is in that folder or not. You will do that using the `includes` method on the file names array of each sub-folder. It will store the name of the sub-folder in `folderName` once it finds the file of this command. This is what the code for that looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to build the correct file path, you will need the file name and the sub-folder the command belongs to. For the file name, you can use `command.name`. To find the sub-folder name, you will have to loop through the commands sub-folders and check whether the command file is in that folder or not. You can do that by using `Array.includes()` on the file names array of each sub-folder. 
```
